well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
the brown case if you're not familiar
with this case its case in Tennessee
where a 16 year old girl killed a man
14 years ago she was sentenced to what
amounts to 51 years after time off for
good behavior her cases before the
governor looking for clemency now the
defense contends that she was being sex
trafficked by a guy named cutthroat and
that the person she killed was trying to
buy her for the night she became in fear
for her life and she killed him now I
have to say I do not believe that story
beyond a reasonable doubt is exceedingly
rare for somebody to succumb to the
Stockholm Syndrome to the point where
they will carry a firearm and not turn
it on their captor it's rare it happens
but it's rare in fact the reason most
people know the term Stockholm Syndrome
is because it did happen but it is rare
so it gives me a little bit of doubt the
thing is I don't have to believe her
story beyond a reasonable doubt I had to
believe the states and I don't but we're
talking about Tennessee
I lived there it is a different kind of
state it's the Volunteer State they are
all about killing some people that need
killing
so rather than argue her innocence
I'm gonna go different way with it I'm
gonna present some scenarios I need each
scenario she's gonna be more guilty than
the last legally speaking but you let me
know when she did something wrong in the
eyes of the people of Tennessee let's
start with her story she being sex
trafficked by a dude named cutthroat
some guy takes her back to his house
gets aggressive scares her she kills him
do try to buy a 16 year old girl needed
killing
moving on so let's say that she he
didn't put her in fear for her life he's
still trying to buy a 16 year old girl
okay
needed kill him moving on let's you know
skip ahead a few a few phases here
because I actually had a bunch laid out
but we don't need to go through all that
let's say Cut Pro doesn't even exist
it's just her out there hooking yeah I
still trying to buy a 16 year old girl
needed killing moving on let's say that
she was flirting with him and he decides
to take her home so he's still trying to
take advantage of a 16 year old girl now
at this point you might finally get some
people that are like well that's bad but
it doesn't really warrant killing no
maybe that's true so let me remind you
she was 16 developmentally delayed and
she's already done 14 years in prison
send her home
that's clency she's deserves it and that
that's adding a whole lot more guilt
then anything that's actually being
alleged she still deserves clemency yeah
while she's been in prison she's gotten
her high school diploma or an
equivalency got a degree and mentors
other prisoners she's a model of
Rehabilitation send her home
now this is up to the governor so to the
governor I have something I kind of want
to say
you're eventually gonna be leaving
office soon
all right you pardon this girl and send
her home
what message are you sending to
traffickers in your state you know if
your victim kills you we're not gonna
care that's a legacy that is a message
that needs to be sent you know rather
than just be another politician it sent
a message that is very fitting for the
people of Tennessee because like I said
it's a volunteer state they people that
will travel travel thousands of miles to
kill people they think need killing you
telling me a sex trafficker doesn't
anyway just a thought y'all have a good
night